.\" Manpage for GCPtr by nobody <nobody>

.TH "gcptr" "1" "2013-12-04" "nobody" "GCPtr"

.SH NAME

GCPtr - GTK+ Centre Pointer

.SH SYNOPSIS

gcptr [OPTION …]

.SH DESCRIPTION

Centre the pointer on monitor.

.SH OPTIONS

.SS -?, --help

Shows help options.

.SS -m, --monitor=NUM

Monitor number.

.PP

If no monitor is given, the pointer is centered on the primary monitor
of the default screen. If no primary monitor is configured by the user,
the default value for NUM will be 0, defaulting to the first monitor.

.SS -i, --info

Print information about size, dimensions and so on to stdout and exit.

.SS -x, --x=X

Alternative X coordinate.

.PP

If no X coordinate is given, centre is used.

.SS -y, --y=Y

Alternative Y coordinate.

.PP

If no Y coordinate is given, centre is used.

.SS --locate-pointer

The new location of the pointer will be highlighted. This function is
not implemented yet.

.PP

.SH NOTES

.SS Set the X display and screen to use

.IP "Example usage of the standard command line options for GTK+ programs:"

	gcptr [--display=DISPLAY] [--screen=SCREEN] [OPTION …]

.IP "Example usage of the DISPLAY environment variable:"

	env DISPLAY=":displaynumber.screennumber" gcptr [OPTION …]

.SS Set the primary monitor

Note: The desktop environment you use, maybe have an option to set the
primary monitor too.

.IP "Example usage of xrandr to set an output as primary:"

The output will be sorted first in Xinerama and RANDR geometry requests.

	xrandr --output <OUTPUT> --primary

.SH SEE ALSO

.BR xrandr (1),
.BR gtk-options (7),
.BR X (7)

